Is this life all there is ?
How will you describe a nice meal?
A nice meal must have this three major characteristics
1.The teats must be nice.

2.Secondly the condition surrounding the meal must appeal to comfort. For example  you may not  continue to eat a meal if you discover
that the plate or  environment is dirty and that the room is too cold or too hot. So the truth is this environment determine to a large
extent how well we enjoy our meal.

3.Thirdly the quantity of the meal must be just right.: no too much to create discomfort or too small to create dissatisfaction.

Lets us now bring this illustration into context.
Our life is just like a meal.
First of all life is sweet. Like that fact is not up for any debate.

But sadly live has fallen short of the remaining two aspect. We are living our life in a world with a deplorable condition.  It is like
eating a nice meal but in a dirty plate.  So the condition surrounding life today has taken so much meaning away from life. The wise king
Solomon after giving a careful consideration to this said that there is noting of real value under the sun EC 2:11.

 To make matter worst life is short live, and this has created a vacuum of dissatisfaction that can only be filled with nothing less than
 everlasting. In the words of king David live is like the blossom of the field when the wind blows it goes off as if it was never there.

So the question is.   Is this what our creator intended for us?

To answer that question let us go back to the very beginning of human history. Gen. 1:28

The read portion of the scriptures shows that Adam and Eve were a blessed people. They were to fulfil a unique role in the out working of Jehovah’s
 purpose namely:  to live forever fill the earth with their children subdue it have in subjection the fish of the sea, the flying creatures of the
 heaven and everything moving on the earth.  Jehovah did not stop only at making his purpose known
 to Adam he did something else.  What was that?   Please turn your attention to the monitor.

Jehovah made sure that the condition in the garden of Eden was comfortable one able to support everlasting life. He also gave Adam and eve the
ability to interact with the garden making it possible for them to enjoy it to the full. One of the most precious gift gifted Adam and eve was
the ability to love and enjoy being loved. Can you remember Adam’s expression of happiness when he first
saw Eve? To make life more interesting for them and their offspring they were to live in a
paradise condition forever; but on one condition;  that is continuous obedience to Jehovah. So lets see if Adam kept to the part of obedience.
